1
After the martyrdom of St. Boniface, Vergilius was made Bishop of Salzburg (766 or 767) and laboured successfully for the upbuilding of his diocese as well as for the spread of the Faith in neighbouring heathen countries, especially in Carinthia. He died at Salzburg, 27 November, 789. In 1233 he was canonized by Gregory IX. His doctrine that the earth is a sphere was derived from the teaching of ancient geographers, and his belief in the existence of the antipodes was probably influenced by the accounts which the ancient Irish voyagers gave of their journeys. This, at least, is the opinion of Rettberg ("Kirchengesch. Deutschlands", II, 236).
2
"Whoever gets him, they'll be getting a good one," David Montgomery said. INDIANAPOLIS  Hakeem Butler has been surrounded by some of the best wide receivers on the planet this week at the NFL Scouting Combine. Its an experience that might humble some. But for Butler, it has only enhanced his confidence. As it stands, 22-year-old Butler is not regarded as the best wide receiver in this years NFL Draft. Hes projected by some experts to go as late as the third round. But when wide receivers were measured Thursday, Butler gained some attention: He led all receivers in height (6-foot-5 3/8), arm length (35 1/4 inches) and wingspan (83 7/8 inches). On Thursday, running back David Montgomery, who played with Butler at Iowa State, captured the general vibe surrounding Butler here. Butler says hes met with every NFL team on an informal basis. He had nine or 10 formal meetings set up for Friday night, but didnt divulge which teams hed be sitting down with. There is clear interest in Butler, who declared for the draft after his junior season in which he had 60 receptions for 1,318 yards and nine touchdowns. But in his mind, the hype machine hasnt been turned up high enough  yet. Butler, of course, is talking about Saturdays wide receiver workouts. If he crushes the drills, he could vault up the draft board  perhaps into the first round. And he feels well-prepared because hes spent the past few months working out with some legendary NFL receivers in Calvin Johnson and Anquan Boldin. Butler met Boldin at the South Florida gym where he trains. He was connected to Johnson through his agent. Johnson and Boldin are known for being precise, tactical receivers. But Butler says the most valuable lesson of working with them has been learning about how they think. Butler admitted the first time he worked with Johnson, who went to six Pro Bowls with the Detroit Lions from 2010-15, that he was a little starstruck. Butler is hoping that one day he can leave a legacy like Boldin or Johnson. But for now, his goal is to prove what he already believes is true: that he is the top receiver in this draft.
3
8i announced today it has launched a web player, the 8i Portal, for its volumetric 3D video of people in virtual reality. Using 8is technology and VR goggles, youll be able to walk around a person inside a virtual environment to see their entire being. The Wellington, New Zealand-based startup said its VR platform will allow you to view fully volumetric 3D video. Previously, VR cameras could record a partial torso of a person, but the 8i Portal goes beyond that. It enables complete freedom of movement, and it gives you a sense of presence, or the feeling that you are there in the virtual space with the person. It creates a more emotional connection with the person you are watching, the company said in the video below. 8is platform will let you create, experience, and share immersive 3D video of real people  for virtual reality, augmented reality, and the web. Im not sure how it can be used for games, but you can see how it could give you a unique perspective at a music concert or theatrical performance. Linc Gasking, who previously ran countingdown.com (which DreamWorks acquired), and Eugene dEon, formerly of Weta Digital and Nvidia, founded the startup in 2014. To date, 8i has raised $14.8 million in funding from investors including RRE Ventures, Founders Fund Science, Horizons Ventures, Samsung Ventures, Dolby Family Ventures, Signia Venture Partners, Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments, Sound Ventures, Inevitable Ventures, Freelands, and Advancit Capital. The new 8i Portal is a volumetric VR player for Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive VR platforms. If you use the Oculus Rift or Vive headsets, you can view cool VR videos of people who look real, not computer-generated, and move around them, make eye contact, and feel true presence, the company said.
4
The Arlington County Board plans to vote Saturday afternoon on giving Amazon $23 million and other incentives to build a headquarters campus in Crystal City, but only after hearing scores of northern Virginia residents and advocates testify for or against the project. The five-member board is expected to support the plan, which was announced amid much hoopla on Nov. 13. The proposed county incentives are part of an agreement in which Amazon would occupy significant office space and bring at least 25,000 high-paying jobs to Arlington in coming years. Opponents hope to postpone the vote until after additional public hearings, where they want representatives of the online retail giant to answer questions directly from anyone in the community. The Saturday hearing was scheduled to begin no earlier than 1 p.m. and last several hours before the vote. Ninety-one people signed up in advance to speak on the topic. In the four months since Arlington won a much-publicized, nationwide contest to attract the facility known as HQ2, Arlington residents have been asking questions about its impact on their community. People have looked at the countys five online Q&A sessions 14,000 times, and about 400 attended community events to discuss the provisions in the Amazon agreement. Board members and county staff also met with scores of civic organizations, served on multiple panels and appeared on television, online and in news articles to discuss the deal. Most Arlingtonians, northern Virginians and residents of the Washington region support Amazons arrival, several surveys have found. Business organizations, universities and nonprofit groups came out strongly for the deal. But a small, vocal group of activists has sought to block the project, saying that the county and commonwealth should not give any incentives to one of the worlds most valuable companies. They also have demanded housing and job protections for existing residents. These opponents  including left-wing organizations and immigrants groups  felt empowered after Amazon canceled plans last month to build a headquarters facility in New York City, also with 25,000 jobs. The company withdrew after criticism of the plan from some elected leaders, unions and community activists. In Virginia, however, such opposition did not appear to catch fire among the broader public. Officials estimate that the Amazon projects net fiscal impact on Arlington could be worth additional revenue of $162 million over 12 years and $392.5 million over 16 years. The incentives agreement promises the worlds largest online retailer cash grants estimated at about $23 million if it occupies 6.05 million square feet of office space in Crystal City and Pentagon City through 2035. The money would come from an expected increase in the hotel, motel and lodging tax paid by visitors; Amazon would get up to 15 percent of that increase, pegged to how much floor space is in active use by the company each year from 2020 to 2035. Amazons offices will be located within an already-established special tax district where a portion of the property tax revenue goes toward infrastructure improvements such as parks and wider sidewalks. The incentive agreement says that half of any new revenue from that district starting in 2021 will go specifically toward improvements around the Amazon buildings for the following 10 years. That grant is worth an estimated $28 million but the county says its not a grant just for Amazon, because the improvements will benefit other companies in the immediate area. Amazon will have a chance to express its opinion on how the county uses the money, although the board will make the decision. The county also offered Amazon the possibility of using its fast, fiber-optic network connection, which would be the subject of a separate agreement if the company chooses to use it. Its not yet clear whether Amazon will pay the local business license tax because that tax is levied only on certain types of business, and Amazon has not yet announced which of its business units will be based in Arlington. If the company does pay the license tax, then some of its operations could be eligible for a discount of up to 72 percent under an existing program designed to attract technology companies. While Arlington pored over the details, the Virginia General Assembly passed, and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam signed, an incentives package worth up to $750 million for Amazon.
5
Karl Kispert, principal of cyber and information security, has more than 28 years of experience in selling, managing and delivering information risk management, internal audit, regulatory and compliance programs, and information security and technology risk management. A former chief information security officer, Kispert has helped design and implement cybersecurity programs for many firms, according to the firm. By adding this new service line, and bringing someone with Karls expertise to the firm, we can service yet another important aspect of our clients and prospects businesses, ensuring their continued success, CEO Louis Grassi said in a written statement. Services will include full security programs, compliance, third party vendor risk assessment, threat management, and managed security services.
6
The Hawaii man who was fired after issuing the false ballistic missile alert in mid-January told reporters Friday that he was very upset over the incident but remained adamant that it appeared, at the time, to be a real-life attack. The former state employee  a man in his 50s who asked to remain anonymous for his safety  said that he was 100 percent sure that the drill on Jan. 13 was real, even though several other employees heard the word exercise repeated throughout the message, according to officials. Once the man realized what had happened, he said he felt like hed sustained a body blow. Since then, hes reportedly been distressed to the point that he has had trouble eating and sleeping. During a news conference on Tuesday, investigating officer Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira shared details of the states probe and said when the mistake was realized, the employee froze and seemed confused. Another employee had to resume his duties and send a correction message, Oliveira said. The employee also reportedly had at least two previous incidents in which he mistook drills for real-world events, including for tsunami and fire warnings. But Oliveira said the employee was previously counseled and allowed to resume his duties. Following the event, the employee was fired and Vern Miyagi, who oversaw the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, took responsibility and resigned. Toby Clairmont, the agencys executive officer, also resigned before disciplinary action could be taken, and authorities are in the process of suspending another worker without pay. By 8:20 a.m., Hawaii EMA tweeted there was NO missile threat to the state, but failed to send a phone alert for another 38 minutes, causing mass panic among people who werent able to check social media. Fox News Katherine Lam and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
7
Shania Twain expected to break the charts with new album NOW! Even after a 15-year hiatus, shes still the one! Shania Twain is on pace to top the charts with her new album NOW. The 16-song LP was released on Sept. 29 and is set to shoot past Demi Lovato and Miley Cyrus to claim the number one spot on Billboards Top 200. The Timmins native hopped on Twitter on Wednesday to announce that her album is already platinum in Canada! Shortly after the release of the lead single Lifes About to Get Good, it hit number one on the Billboard 200. Of course, fans were simply dying to see how their favourite country icon was doing, so the new single rocked its way to the top of Billboard + Twitter Trending 140, too! So far, the songs video has over four million views on YouTube and the number continues to ride the wave of Nows release. The 52-year-old country star, still clad in her iconic leopard print, insists that Now is not a break up album but another coming-of-age collection of tunes bound to make listeners laugh, cry and rock out. This is one country powerhouse that just doesnt quit. Despite originally declaring her 2015 Rock This Country tour as her final encore, Shania is ready to hit the road again. I look forward to everyone getting familiar with the album  and then getting out there and performing live! she exclaimed to Hello!. The Shania Now tour kicks off on May 3 in Tacoma, Washington, and will see the singer make stops in Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Saskatoon, Hamilton, Ottawa, London and Quebec City. Tickets to see the Canadian musician are on sale now.
8
A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Daily Star on July 12, 2018, on page 16. Assembled by Palestinian artist Said Baalbaki, the exhibition presents 50 of Abbo's sketches, etchings and object, as well as texts  all taken from Baalbaki's personal collection of work from, and publications on, the elusive sculptor. Baalbaki has no work of his own in this show. Born in Safad, northern Palestine, around 1888-1890, Abbo was a farmer and fisherman who later took up carpentry and stone masonry. It was not until he moved to Berlin in 1911 to study sculpture that his artistic career took shape. Baalbaki has spent the last four years finding, and determining attribution for, 70 artworks and 100 texts mentioning the artist. Baalbaki says many of Abbo's sculptures didn't survive World War I. He believes those that were originally exhibited in museums in Germany were taken during the war and melted down to make weapons. Alongside Abbo's artworks are vintage photos of places he'd been or postcards from that time period, which Baalbaki says is to give an overall look at the life he led, in today's age of media and imagery. Baalbaki intends to continue his research and tracking down Abbo's works.
9
A blind man in his 60s is searching for the young man who pulled him back from an approaching train and saved his life last Thursday, Nov. 9. Mike Wyatt stood at the stairs to the Peoria train station in Aurora, Colorado, on Monday, looking for the young man who saved his life days earlier. Wyatt was heading back home after visiting friends in Longmont, and was about to cross the tracks to transfer to another train, unaware that a train was approaching. Seconds before the train pulled up, a man can be seen on security camera footage pulling him back with both arms. I am so stoked right now thinking that guy is going to come down that ramp [from the platform], Wyatt told 9 News. In the video by 9 News, he can be seen talking to passersby in hopes that they have some info about the man. Although he hasnt yet found him, 9 News did find a woman who saw the incident. She said she felt inspired by it. People are good, said Miranda, one of the witnesses. 9News writes that Wyatt is thankful because the man has made it possible for Wyatt to be part of his grandchildrens lives as they grow up. Wyatt told 9 News he will come to the station one more day to look for the man. I will be always remembering this man and his kindness, he said.
10
After Kevins horrific leg injury, everyone is asking: will he ever play basketball again? Dr. Glashow, co-chief of sports medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center, tells HollywoodLife.com exclusively if Kevin will ever be back on the court. Read on for details! After Louisville sophomore Kevin Ware broke his right leg during a game against Duke University, the basketball player was rushed to the hospital and underwent emergency surgery. After a successful surgery, Kevin is now focused on healing, but what does the future for his career hold? Kevin Wares Basketball Career: Will He Ever Play Again? Dr. Glashow, the co-chief of sports medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center, tells HollywoodLife.com exclusively that not only will Kevin play basketball again, but he could be healed in time for next season! Although Kevin will be able to play basketball again, he has a long road to recovery ahead of him before hell be back on the court. After hes recovered from surgery, Kevins next step will be physical therapy, according to Dr. Glashow. HollywoodLifers, do YOU think Kevin will play basketball again? Vote below!
11
This month some important Walmart news did not get the attention it deserved. The news wasn't some flashy announcement about virtual reality or about some new service for busy Manhattanites. It was something much more subtle and much more substantive. It was the hire of Valerie Casey. Google "Valerie Casey" even today and only two listings make mention of her newfound connection with Walmart on the first page of the returned search results. This amount of attention is unjustifiably slight. Let this piece then serve as the hire's coming out party. Shrewdly, Walmart has made Valerie Casey, formerly of Frog, Ideo, and Pentagram, its new head of design. She will be charged with leading Walmart into the future and ensuring that all its products and services, from websites to employee and consumer apps, will work in cohesion and from a singular experience design point of view. "What's the big whup?" you might ask. The big whup is that this announcement clearly shows that Walmart has jumped feet first into the waters of next generation retailing. Under Doug McMillon's bold leadership, Walmart here again is taking one of the most essential steps to long-term success for any legacy bricks-and-mortar retailerspecifically, redefining how it thinks of the word "product." Instead of doing what many retailers do, like staffing de facto "product" heads within owned brand development, store operations, e-commerce, etc. and then leaving them to collaborate inside complex organizations with competing priorities, Walmart rightly understands that retailing has become so complex that all these aforementioned roles now need their own steward to ensure alignment. Walmart having a mission to help its customers save money and live better is one thing, but putting that promise into coherent action is another thing entirely. Many retailers take such coordinated action for granted, which is why so many legacy retail experiences feel disjointed across the digital and physical divide. Success rarely is found in the compromise and turf wars of internal politics. The buck needs to stop somewhere. Prior to e-commerce, before customers had the myriad of options they have today to consume products (via web portals, apps, social media, etc.), retailers were able to differentiate themselves by the products inside their four walls. The strategic practice of product differentiation became so prevalent and such a point of emphasis that it even gave way to the commonly heard parlance of retail being a "merchant-led business." The growth of e-commerce in the 1990s and 2000s rewrote the playbook though. During this period, Jeff Bezos built Amazon into the "Everything Store." His idea was that as long as he could offer a great selection, convenience and great prices, consumers would gravitate towards Amazon over time. Boy, was he right, and, boy, did they ever gravitate towards Amazon. Whether customers try to order direct from Amazon or from one of Amazon's many third-party suppliers on its marketplace, it is becoming more and more difficult for a consumer not to find what he or she desires on Amazon. At this point, nearly 50% of all first product searches start on Amazon, indicating that Amazon is settling into the digital and product acquisition-equivalent of the 1980s shopping mall. The products inside a retailers four walls or within a retailers assortment are now, in a way, almost non-differentiating. Bezos saw that the opportunity in retail was to put the customer first and to think not about the product he or she buys but about the Product he or she really buysfor him, the Product (big "P) of the Amazon brand. The white space in retail was no longer leading with product (small "p"), but leading with the discipline of Product Management, where his Product, or in this case, the Amazon brand, was the magic created at the intersection of great experience design, technology and business. Product was not a pair of khaki pants, a new set of bed sheets or a bar of soap. It was the culmination of a friction-free user experience that delivered on the universal truths of selection, convenience, and low prices and that exceeded consumers' expectations consistently, again and again. Sadly, many retailers have not grasped this "Product Problem." The greatest Product Manager in history, Jeff Bezos, saw the problem early on, while many merchant princes missed the signals and have even now admitted that they underestimated the impact technology would have on retail. Fortunately, Walmart's recent hire of Casey indicates that there could be light at the end of what has, until now, been a dark tunnel. Walmart is big. The acquisitions of Jet.com, Bonobos, ModCloth, etc. have only made it bigger and more complex, saying nothing too of the ever-changing demands of consumers and Walmart's ever-expanding interests abroad (see Flipkart). Therefore, it is only right that someone, like Casey, take up the mantle to oversee and to fight for the consumer and to ensure that all Walmart's activities look, feel, and convey the Walmart brand in the simplest, most straightforward way as possible. The products inside Walmart's stores are immaterial to its future success. What matters is the Product of its brandits website, its store, its app-based services, etc. Those are the Products that matter. In a future world where the only thing that differentiates a physical from a digital experience is the memory and delight of being somewhere, a Walmart store is the Product or collective set of experiences that will get someone off his or her couch. A tube of toothpaste just won't cut it anymore. While the products within Walmart's store or on its website will come and go and ebb and flow, the shroud of the Walmart brand will be what matters. Walmart's store and its digital properties will be the envelopes that carry its brand promise. The experiment that bears this out has already been run. We need look no further than the history of Amazon and also to the young upstart CEOs like Emily Weiss, Katrina Lake and Adam Goldenberg who are already thriving in this new world. Their collective early success indicates that they get the punchline to the joke of 21st century retailthat the retail of the future won't be merchant led, it will be Product led. Best of luck, Valerie Casey. A bricks-and-mortar nation turns its lonely eyes to you.
12
University of Utah track and field athlete Lauren McCluskey was found shot dead Monday night in the backseat of a vehicle outside a campus dormitory, according to university police. The suspected shooter was 37-year-old Melvin Rowland, a man McCluskeys family said she had recently stopped dating. Rowlands body was found a few hours later at a church; police said he died by suicide. At a press conference, university police chief Dale Brophy said that McCluskey had filed a police report with them on Oct. 12 and Oct. 13 about threats from Rowland. There was some follow-up and it was assigned to a detective who was working to build a case against our suspect at that time, Brophy said. The police chief would not go into further details about what happened with that investigation. On Monday night, Brophy said that police got a call from a frantic mother saying something happened to her daughter. In a statement released by the McCluskey family, McCluskeys mother said that she was on the phone with her daughter that night when she suddenly heard Lauren McCluskey yell no no no! Afraid her daughter was in a car accident, she stayed on the line while her husband called 911. A few minutes later, the family statement said, a young woman picked up the phone and said all of Laurens things were on the ground. It was the last time she spoke with her daughter. Police officers went to the parking lot and found McCluskeys body, Brophy said. The university issued an alert and an order for students to secure-in-place. It was lifted at 11:46 p.m., according to the universitys website, after police determined that Rowland was no longer on campus. Brophy said that Rowland was picked up by a vehicle and, about 1:15 a.m. he was spotted by Salt Lake City police who ran after him. Rowland got inside the Trinity AME Church, where he killed himself. A retired pastor told the Salt Lake Tribune that, to the best of his knowledge, Rowland didnt attend the church and he had no idea why he chose that building. The family of McCluskey, 21, said that their daughter had dated Rowland for about a month. She ended the relationship after she learned about his criminal history. Lauren was a senior student athlete on the University of Utah track team. She was an outstanding student with a 3.75 GPA majoring in Communication and was excited to graduate in May 2019. She was a 2015 honors graduate of Pullman High School where she was Washington state champion in the high jump and the school record holder in the 100 meter hurdles. She attended Capital Church in Salt Lake City. She loved to sing and had strength and determination. She was dearly loved and will be greatly missed. Police said the two had been in a prior relationship, but wouldnt comment further. According to Utah Department of Corrections, Rowland was convicted in 2004 of enticing a minor, a second-degree felony, and attempted forcible sexual abuse, a third-degree felony. His last known home, Brophy said, was a halfway house.
13
The Linux kernel now includes everything that is needed to use 3D acceleration with all GeForce graphics chips. Drivers have also been added for a Wireless Gigabit chip and a PCIe WLAN chip from Realtek. In his email announcing the release of Linux 3.8-rc6, Linus Torvalds emphasised that he wanted the seventh release candidate to be the last one. When he released RC7 on Friday, however, he made no mention of whether there would be an eighth RC before the final version of Linux 3.8. As long as no more major problems arise, though, the Linux kernel 3.8 should still be released this month. This article on driver updates will therefore bring the "Coming in 3.8" Kernel Log mini-series to a close. The first two parts of the series focused on the changes that kernel developers made to filesystems and storage and the platform and infrastructure code for Linux 3.8. In Linux 3.8, the Nouveau kernel driver will include everything that the OpenGL driver  which is part of current versions of Mesa 3D and is also called Nouveau  needs to use the 3D acceleration of all GeForce graphics chips available so far without further configuration. This is the first time that the Nouveau developers, who use reverse engineering to get the information they need to program their drivers, have managed this feat; before this, they were still lacking standard 3D support for some newer Fermi GPUs and the Kepler graphics chips, which have been on the market since March 2012 (1, 2, 3). For many computers, however, NVIDIA's proprietary graphics driver will still be a better choice, since Nouveau can't activate the faster operation modes for many of the newer GeForce chips, resulting in 3D performance that leaves something to be desired. There are also other issues, particularly when it comes to video acceleration and fan management support. Version 3.8 of Linux is the first to include a simple kernel graphics driver for the graphics cores in NVIDIA's Tegra 2 and 3 SoCs (system on a chip) (1, 2, 3 and others). The driver is not from NVIDIA; it was developed mostly by a developer from the German company Avionic Design. The company works on embedded solutions in close cooperation with NVIDIA and programmed the driver independently, but with input from NVIDIA. Surprisingly, NVIDIA jumped into the development process, publishing extensions a few weeks ago that let the driver make the graphics cores' acceleration features available, but these improvements did not make it into 3.8. Userland drivers are still needed to use the acceleration functions, and NVIDIA has yet to give any indication that it is interested in releasing those drivers under an open source licence. Nouveau developer Lucas Stach shared background information on the Linux drivers for NVIDIA's Tegra in a presentation at FOSDEM 2013, a recording of which is available on YouTube. The Radeon driver now allows more of the graphics cores' DMA engines, which have previously been largely ignored, to be used from userspace (1, 2, 3, 4, 5). The i915 graphics driver now supports by default the graphics cores of the Haswell processors that Intel will introduce under the name Core i4000 in a few months. The developers have also included a workaround for a bug in the Intel 830 and 845 chipsets so the graphics drivers are supposed to be stable on these chipsets. The virtio_net network driver, which uses paravirtualisation and is especially used with KVM and Xen, should provide better performance now that it can use multiple queues for each network device. The same goes for the Tun/Tap driver, which is also used for system virtualisation as well as other purposes like emulating network hardware. The batman-adv (Better Approach To Mobile Ad-Hoc Networking Advanced) mesh implementation developed as part of open-mesh.org to spontaneously create WLAN networks can now build a distributed ARP table, which allows non-mesh clients on a network to receive quick, reliable answers to their ARP queries. The rtl8723ae driver for the Realtek RTL8723AE PCIe WLAN chip is new (1, 2 and others), as is the wil6210 driver for a Wilocity WLAN chip that operates at 60GHz and uses the IEEE 802.11ad standard promoted by the Wireless Gigabit Alliance (WiGig). Another addition to the kernel is the ar5523 driver, which was started over five years ago for the Atheros USB chipset of the same name. Extensions for supporting more chips and WLAN adapters were added to a number of other drivers; the brcmsmac WLAN driver, for example, now supports the BCM43224 Broadcom chip, while the rt2800usb RaLink driver supports the Sweex LW323 USB WLAN adapter. The cdc-mbim driver, which supports broadband modems that implement Mobile Broadband Interface Model (MBIM ) 1.0, specified by the USB Implementers Forum, is also new (1, 2). MBIM is a USB protocol for connecting modems for laptops, tablets and desktop computers that provide an internet connection using GSM and CDMA-based 3G and 4G (including LTE). Aleksander Morgado provides more details on the protocol and its advantages compared to other technologies in a blog post. The kernel's audio drivers now support the Philips PSC724 Ultimate Edge sound card. The kernel can also handle VIA's VT1705CF HD audio codec now. The merge listing the most important changes to Linux 3.8's sound subsystem includes some other changes to audio drivers. The kernel now includes a driver for human interface devices (HIDs) that use I2C (1, 2 and others), using the "HID over I2C" protocol designed by Microsoft and implemented in Windows 8. Extensions were added to the HID multitouch driver to support some of the features for better finger and movement recognition found in Windows 8. The drivers for Video4Linux 2 (V4L2) located in the media subsystem can now use the "DMA Buffer Sharing Mechanism" (dma_buf) integrated in Linux 3.3 to share buffer space with graphics cards, which makes it possible that data from video hardware will no longer need to be duplicated in the buffer in order for a graphics chip to display it. The kernel developers have marked the uas driver, which handles the USB Attached SCSI protocol, as broken because it causes problems and is not yet ready for the major distributions. Alan Cox has given up kernel development for family reasons, leaving his position as maintainer of the serial driver subsystem. Cox is a Linux veteran who maintained the Linux kernel 2.2, during which time he was considered the second most important kernel developer after Linus Torvalds. Although he hasn't been that far up in the ranks these last few months, Cox has still contributed quite a lot to the development of Linux.
14
The location of the July 15, 2002 flare is shown at left. The other panels compare the scale of Earth to the eruptions. Red shows superheated gas held together by magnetic fields. The time sequence lasts only 80 seconds and yet reveals tremendous amounts of gas leaving the Sun. A detailed study of a huge solar eruption reveals that a series of smaller explosions combined in a domino effect to fuel the blast. The findings improve understanding of the Sun's most powerful events and could lead to better forecasting of the tempests, researchers said. Scientists studied data collected from a radiation flare on the Sun on July 15, 2002. The eruption, ranked as an X-7, was one of the most powerful in recent times. The flare was accompanied by a coronal mass ejection, which is a colossal discharge of electrified gas called plasma. The event was 5,000 million times more powerful than an atomic bomb. Scientists don't know exactly what triggers such eruptions. They are associated with strong magnetic fields, however, and emanate from sunspots, which are cooler regions of the Sun that correspond to bottled-up magnetic energy. "Sunspots are at the surface of the Sun, and are essentially the footprints of the magnetic field," explained Louise Harra of the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at University College London. "The magnetic field reaches into the outer atmosphere in the same way as for example a bar magnet has a magnetic field around it." Researchers had thought the big eruptions are created when magnetic field lines from the core of a sunspot become tangled and reconnect high in solar atmosphere, or corona. The new study contradicts that assumption. X-7 flare started when plasma from below the Sun's surface broke suddenly through. "Below the surface of the Sun a dynamo process is working creating magnetic field," Harra explained in an email interview. "When this becomes buoyant it can rise to the surface of the Sun, and into the atmosphere." The plasma collided with a strong magnetic field at the surface, and the interaction triggered release of "phenomenal amounts of energy," the researchers concluded. There were three eruptions, each triggering the next. The gas was heated to 36 million degrees Fahrenheit (20 million Celsius) before being flung up into the solar atmosphere at 90,000 mph (40 kilometers per second). "We have observed the flows of hot gas for the first time, enabling us to see that several small flares combine to create a major explosion," Harra said. "This may eventually enable us to predict large flares before they erupt." Not all solar flares are accompanied by coronal mass ejections, and nobody knows for sure why. "It must be a combination of the magnetic field strength and the magnetic configuration that will allow field lines to be opened and hence the release of gas," Harra said. The observations were made with SOHO spacecraft, a joint project of NASA and the European Space Agency. The results were presented last week at a meeting of the Royal Astronomical Society.
15
Last summer I took a cross-country road trip with a group of people driving different types of electric vehicles. It was an amazing experience, and our trip, our adventures, and our misadventures were portrayed in the documentary Kick Gas. That experience gave me the idea to take my own road trip to experience the freedom of traveling alone on an electric motorcycle. My goals were simple: ride the great motorcycle roads of America, meet other electric motorcycle riders, and visit friends. The cross-country trip last summer taught me that charging stations are plentiful near cities, but sparse near the good roads. By "good roads" I mean the mountainous, twisty, curvy, windy, fun roads you dream about when buying a motorcycle! To take road trips in an electric vehicle as easily as in a gas-powered vehicle, two things are necessary: a car with a highway range of 150-plus miles, plus DC fast charging available every 50 miles. That would be a good beginning as we await an affordable 1,000-mile battery. Currently drivers must rely on the availability of public and private charging stations to venture further than half the range of their electric vehicle. This creates a bit of an adventure if you want to take a journey of, say, 4,000 miles. Public charging stations are easiest to access. On the East Coast, you can show up at a charging station and pretty much expect that nobody else will be plugged in. That's not the case in California, which has a much higher density of electric vehicles--at least some of them already using the charging station you've just arrived at. My favorite public charging stations are at restaurants, so I have a place to eat and relax while my vehicle is charging. On this trip, I stopped at several Cracker Barrel restaurants in Tennessee and a Makuto's Japanese restaurant in Boone, North Carolina. Car dealerships will let motorcycles charge, although not always electric cars of another make. Nissan in particular has outfitted their dealerships with 240-Volt Lvel 2 chargers, and more recently, some of them now have high-powered CHAdeMO DC fast chargers. Even dealerships that normally only allow charging by cars sold by that dealer will allow me to plug in my electric motorcycle, since it's unique. Some dealers happily let me charge, others let me charge after a little conversation. Still, recharging my electric bike at a car dealer proved less than ideal, since they're often far from food or anywhere interesting to hang out. Personal homes are fun if you plan ahead. I've met some interesting folks who make their home Level 2 charging stations available to travelers by listing them on the PlugShare app. They are lovely people, and meeting them is a fun part of being an early adopter. Clearly, though, using someone's home charging station is not a sustainable way to propel electric vehicles forward. The fun riding part of my journey began in Front Royal, Virginia, on Skyline Drive going through the Shenandoah Mountains. The road winds its way around the mountaintops and was designed as a sightseeing project by the Civilian Conservation Corps during the Great Depression of the 1930s. After a great day on Skyline Drive, I got to ride through the back woods around Blacksburg, Virginia, until I reached the glorious Blue Ridge Parkway. The road is absolutely incredible, flowing through farmland and mountains on either side for miles and miles. I made a brief stop in Asheville to swing -dance to bluegrass music with friends from Italy; I rode to the top of Mt. Mitchell, and then I headed to the best motorcycle road in America, known as the Dragon. After riding the Dragon, I headed to Nashville to visit some electric-motorcycle friends, and we headed down the famous Natchez Trace Parkway. This is another phenomenally beautiful road with scenic stops and meandering curves that caress the local terrain. The first half of my journey ended in St. Louis, where I attended my cousin's wedding and visited the Country Music Hall of Fame. My trip was broken up because I had to fly back to New York City for a week, but I'll resume today--traveling to Chicago, Cleveland, and Rochester, New York, on my way to ride up New Hampshire's Mount Washington. 1) It's still an adventure to take an electric-vehicle road trip (unless you're driving a Tesla using the company's Supercharger network). 2) While it's easy to find charging stations, they're not always guaranteed to be available. They could be in use already, not working at all, or--worst of all--they might be "ICEd," or blocked by a thoughtless driver of an internal-combustion engine (ICE) car. 3) Most people at RV campgrounds are super-nice! I've shown up to many campgrounds unannounced, and most were incredibly welcoming and let me recharge my motorcycle for free (even though I always offer to pay the dollar or so for the electricity). 4) To take a road trip in any electric vehicle, you need to plan ahead. At the start of each day, I decided where my stops for charging would be--including alternate locations if available. 6) A couple of RV parks have claimed that they needed to replace receptacles to their 50-Amp hookup after a Tesla used it. This should be further investigated, as electric-vehicle owners very much don't want to burn those bridges or create any distrust of our community on the part of park owners. 7) When I learn a Tesla has stopped at an RV park, the park operators will often ask me for $10 or more to recharge (my bike uses maybe $0.60 of electricity). This highlights the fact that most people have no idea how much electricity costs--and no one understands how much electricity different electric vehicles use. My motorcycle battery holds one-tenth the energy of a Tesla battery, so the cost for electricity is a factor of 10 less--but I often have to explain that slowly and carefully.
16
Larry checks in with KPCC reporter Sharon McNary, whos been hitting up several polling stations in Orange County and Los Angeles County, as well as Registrar of Voters for O.C. and L.A. After being a finalist for LAPD chief in 2009 only to see the job go to Charlie Beck, Michel Moore has been selected to succeed Beck by L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti. President Donald Trump signed the right-to-try bill into law on Wednesday, a measure that gives terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs that have not yet been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Humans have a habit of measuring things. Our shoe size. The ingredients in our food. How long it takes to get to work, with or without traffic.
17
According to Variety, one of the movies about the 1973 tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs is recasting one of its leads. No, not the serious one that HBO is doing with Elizabeth Banks and Paul Giamatti, and not the overtly comedic one that Will Ferrell is set to star in. Its Battle Of The Sexes, the middle one thats supposed to be a comedy with dramatic and political overtonesas we said in an earlier report. Battle Of The Sexes comes from Little Miss Sunshines Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, and it was set to star Emma Stone and Steve Carell as the eponymous sexes. Now, Stone has backed out due to a scheduling conflict, and the studio is reportedly in talks with Brie Larson to replace her. Larson recently appeared in Room, a film that is not only making some waves in the film festival circuit but also has a name thats very similar to a certain other movie, which could end up causing a reverse-Asylum by tricking people who want to see a bad movie into seeing a good movie. Shes also set to be in Kong: Skull Island and possibly the eventual Godzilla fight movie that its going to set up.
18
Health authorities in New Zealand said that about 200 passengers on the Dawn Princess ship became infected with the norovirus. The ship was scheduled to leave for Australia on Monday. The last time there was a norovirus outbreak on the ship was back in 2012. According to Yahoo, health officials conducted a series of tests, and they confirmed that the illness was norovirus, but the outbreak does seem to be going away. The norovirus usually lasts for one to three days, and those infected may experience stomach pains, vomiting, diarrhea and nausea. Princess Cruises released a statement saying that those who were infected were isolated in their cabins. They remained there until they were considered not contagious. The statement continued to say that crew members disinfected door handles, railings, elevator buttons and so forth. The cruise operator also said that passengers were encouraged to wash their hands properly and that they should use sanitizing gels. About a month ago, another cruise ship, the Crown Princess, had an outbreak of the norovirus. In that incident more than 150 crew members and passengers came down with the norovirus. That ship was also operated by Princess Cruises.
19
Politico, which broke the PR story, reports, The group circulated a memo to reporters and producers late Monday that discouraged them from airing the undercover videos, arguing that they were obtained under false identification and violated patient privacy. Those patients privacy should not be further violated by having this footage shared by the media, the memo reads. Patients privacy? What about the victims whose body parts are sold? Planned Parenthood technicians may find that kind of depravity chuckle worthy, but congressional Republicans dont, which is why Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will hold a vote before August recess to end the more than $500 million Planned Parenthood extracts annually from taxpayers. Amazingly, Minority Leader Harry Reid responded, Good luck with that. Were dealing with the health of American women, and theyre dealing with some right-wing crazy. With even more videos set to be released, its only a matter of time before the story goes mainstream. Lets see who the public will think is crazy  those who want to protect the sanctity of life, or those who try to justify the trafficking of human organs.
20
NEW YORK (AP)  Could the U.S. lose its top credit rating even if a deal is reached to raise the debt limit? Market analysts and investors increasingly say yes. The outcome won't be quite as scary as a default, but financial markets would still take a blow. Mortgage rates could rise. States and cities, already strapped, could find it more difficult to borrow. Stocks could lose their gains for the year. "At this point, we're more concerned about the risk of a downgrade than a default," said Terry Belton, global head of fixed income strategy at JPMorgan Chase. In a conference call with reporters Tuesday, Belton said the loss of the country's AAA rating may rattle markets, but it's "better than missing an interest payment." Even with a deadline to raise the U.S. debt limit less than a week away, many investors still believe Washington will pull off a last-minute deal to avoid a catastrophic default. Washington has until Aug. 2 to raise the country's $14.3 trillion borrowing limit or risk missing a payment on its debt. President Barack Obama and Congressional Republicans have failed to reach an agreement to raise the debt ceiling and pass a larger budget-cutting package. Politicians have tied raising the debt limit and spending cuts together. But at least one credit rating agency has already made it clear that unless that agreement includes at least $4 trillion in budget cuts over the next decade, the country's AAA rating could be lost. Right now, the proposals under discussion cut around $2 trillion or less. Standard & Poor's warned earlier this month that there was a 50-50 chance of a downgrade, if Congress and President Obama failed to find a "credible solution to the rising U.S. government debt burden." S&P said it may cut the U.S. rating to AA within 90 days. Passing a $4 trillion agreement could prevent a downgrade, S&P said. The other chief rating agency, Moody's Investors Service, said the U.S. government would likely keep its top rating if it avoids a default. Spokesmen from both Moody's and S&P said they wouldn't comment beyond their recent reports. JPMorgan's Belton said clients have started asking how markets will respond if the U.S. loses its AAA rating. A drop to AA will mean permanently higher borrowing costs for the U.S. government, he said. And because government lending rates act as a floor for other lending rates, mortgages, student loans, corporate debt and other types of loans will become more expensive. Belton estimates that borrowing costs would rise between 0.60 to 0.70 points. That may not sound like much. But mortgage interest rates, which have hovered around 4.5 percent for the last several weeks, could rise by at least that amount, to more than 5.1 percent. And for the federal government, it eventually means an extra $100 billion in interest payments to Treasury holders like China each year. "That's a huge number," Belton said. That $100 billion a year that could be spent elsewhere on everything from education to infrastructure. An increase in interest rates could soon become a drag on other parts of the economy, experts say. State governments and insurance agencies would also be downgraded  and states are already having financial troubles. Business confidence could sink again, leading to prolonged high unemployment. But some investors aren't unhappy about the thought of a U.S. debt downgrade. Don Quigley, manager of the $1.5 billion Artio Total Return Bond fund reasons that such a move could provide a buying opportunity. He believes that a downgrade would immediately send the yield of the 10-year bond up to 3.15 percent from its current level of about 3 percent. If the economy sinks further in part because of higher interest rates, investors would very likely return to buying bonds, Quigley said. That's what they've done during the last several years both during the financial crisis and recession, and again the last several months as the economic recovery has slowed. Treasurys would keep their allure, in part, because there are few alternatives for large foreign buyers looking for a market big enough to handle massive investments. "The German market is not big enough and Japan has its own problems," Quigley said. A cut to the U.S. credit rating could hit stocks harder than bonds. A study by Janney Montgomery Scott looked at rating changes to countries over the past decade. After Spain was downgraded in 2009, Spain's stock market fell 8 percent in three months. A cut to Japan's credit rating in 2011 knocked the country's stock market down 3.4 percent in three months. The study, released in April, suggested the S&P 500 would fall 6% after a U.S. downgrade, erasing all its gains for the year.
21
MAMADOU SAKHO remains unavailable for selection for Liverpool's Europa League semi-final first leg clash with Villarreal in Spain on Thursday (8.05pm). The defender will not be considered for selection while he is being investigated after admitting to failing a drugs test. Kolo Toure is set to keep his place in the side in place of the Frenchman. Striker Christian Benteke, who has not played since the defeat to Southampton on March 20, has travelled with the squad. With Jordan Henderson and Emre Can injured, Lucas Leiva and James Milner are set to play in central midfield. Divock Origi, Danny Ings and Joe Gomez remain on the sidelines. Provisional squad: Mignolet, Clyne, Toure, Lovren, Moreno, Milner, Lucas, Lallana, Firmino, Coutinho, Sturridge, Ward, Skrtel, Smith, Allen, Brannagan, Chirivella, Ojo, Ibe, Benteke.
22
IHS Markit INFO, -0.02% a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions, expanded its alternative data offering for asset managers with the launch of new stock selection and strategy signals covering the automotive sector. Covering more than 30 auto manufacturers worldwide and providing more than 10 years of historical data, the 32 new factors are designed to assist in the prediction of stock returns using analytics derived from company-specific datapoints on sales, production and market share. They include multiple financial factors for revenue and sales as well as novel factors covering production of electric vehicles and plant utilization. Analysis by the Research Signals service at IHS Markit finds positive alpha in several of the factors, including, at times, a return spread of up to 1.41% for the Monthly Trend in Production Growth factor and up to 2.64% return spread for the Monthly Trend in Sales Growth factor. Data inputs for the signals are mined from robust statistical automotive datasets from IHS Markit that include vehicle sales and production history, aggregated registration information, manufacturing volumes and vehicle pricing insight for multiple geographies. According to Greenwich Associates, 50 per cent of institutional investors are planning to increase their usage of alternative datasets. Research Signals delivers valuable investment insights through a comprehensive library of more than 600 global stock selection and strategy signals. The service covers more than 30,000 securities across 80 countries. It extracts valuable investment insights from a broad range of raw financial and industry-specific data sources to enable customers to assess intended and unintended exposures across investment themes. IHS Markit INFO, -0.02% is a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies worldwide. The company delivers next-generation information, analytics and solutions to customers in business, finance and government, improving their operational efficiency and providing deep insights that lead to well-informed, confident decisions. IHS Markit has more than 50,000 business and government customers, including 80 percent of the Fortune Global 500 and the worlds leading financial institutions. Headquartered in London, IHS Markit is committed to sustainable, profitable growth.
23
MK Moshe Feiglin in a Knesset committee meeting, next to MK Ahmad Tibi, in 2014. It appears Feiglin is on his way back to the Knesset, while Tibi just sank below the threshold minimum vote. An Israel Hayom poll published Friday morning shows former IDF chief of staff with 19 seats, the Likud down from 30 to 28, the Labor Party falling to its lowest point so far 5 seats, Yair Lapids Yesh Atid stuck in the mud with 9 seats (down from its current 11, which is down from its previous Knesset list of 19), and, for the first time in this campaign, the Zehut (Identity) party, headed by former Likud MK Moshe Feiglin who is a regular pundit at Jewish Press Online, crossing the electoral threshold with 4 seats. The numerous splits of the past few months, on the left and on the rightsome of which may end up merging by the official deadline set by the Central Elections Committee, have led to many parties that are swinging just above or just below the: Gesher, headed by Orly Levy-Abekasis, receives 4 seats, while Shas, Meretz, Habayit Hayehudi receive only 3. Heres another doozie: Both Avigdor Liberman and his nemesis Ahmad Tibi get only 3 seats and walk into the setting sun, probably not hand in hand. And like we said, Zehut, headed by Cool Hand Feiglin, which just held the first open primaries in Israel ever on Tuesday, and did it online (you gave them your ID number and cell number, they SMSed you a code, you clicked in and got to spread 6 points among the candidate/s of your choice) is also on the verge of the electoral threshold  but for the first time looking at the abyss from above, with 4 seats. Parties that are so far from the threshold theyre already in Party Heaven (doesnt that sound like the place youd want to go when the time comes) are Tzipi Livni and Eli Yishai, each of whom receives but one mandate. The survey examined a scenario according to which Gantz and Lapid unite and bring in former Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi. The result: they all get 32 mandates, with the Likud pushed to second place with 30, while Labor falls into the 3.25% abyss and goes to pole paradise with a measly 3 seats (down from 24). Immediately after Ganzs speech, the Likud and New Right tried to associate Ganz with the left, while Resilient to Israel, Gantzs party, what a name) insisted that theirs is a centrist party. Well, the poll showed that 25% of respondents still do not know how to define him. After the pollsters removed the I dont know results, 52% of the rest located Gantz at the center, 19% see him as a right-winger, and 29% as left-winger. Final surprise: on the issue of who is more suitable to be the next prime minister, Netanyahu leads safely with 38%, while Gantz gets only 22%.
24
SOUND FORGE Audio Cleaning Lab can be used to record any sound you can hear on your computer - from internet radio to LPs and tapes which have been connected to the sound card. When recording older material, particularly when it has been stored on vinyl or cassette, it is likely that the sound quality has deteriorated over time. Using this program you can remove any unwanted extraneous noise such as clicks, pops and hisses and generally improve the overall audio experience working with an easy to use interface. Of course, you don't need to record audio either. You can simply import an existing track of segment of music for processing, before exporting the final track. Audio Cleaning Lab will remove unwanted sections from a recording, increase the volume of quiet tracks and split longer recording up into multiple sections - in fact, Audio Cleaning Lab can take care of much of this for you automatically. A great level of control is available through the use of a graphic equaliser that can be used to balance out tone, while additional options are available to improve the quality of video sound, reduce the volume of background music on vocal tracks and much more besides. Don't worry, most of the options are presets which you can select to improve or clean your audio. There are options to reduce tape noise from old cassettes, reduce crackling from your LPs, remove wind noise from recorded voice, and even create your own presets to use later. You can increase the loudness of the track, increase the stereo width, add various special effects and much more. If you've been looking for a way to digitise your music collection, Audio Cleaning Labs Deluxe may just be the tool you have been looking for. In a few simple steps you can record music to your computer, enhance its sound and then export the results as high-quality MP3s/OGG/FLAC/AAC and other formats that can be played back on a variety of devices. Professional quality audio clean-up tool which will produce superb results from an instantly accessible program.
25
Whats the news? A couple of weeks ago, Instagram promised youd be able to download your data from its servers. Its now rolled out that feature, as first reported by TechCrunch. It includes photos, videos, comments, profile information and more. It does not, however, appear to include all the analytics data the company has on you outside of what youve shared. For context: While wed like to think Instagram will let you download your data simply out of the goodness of its heart, there are two major factors contributing to the decision. First theres the Cambridge Analytica scandal (Im sure youve heard of it by now, but if you need a recap, our explainer post is here). Even if Cambridge Analytica had never happened though, allowing users to download data is an important step for complying with Europes new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). GDPR goes into effect on May 25, so dont be surprised to see plenty of other apps implementing a similar feature. In fact, you can already do so with Facebook. Download it: The feature is available to everyone via the Web now, and is in the process of rolling out to the Android and iOS apps. Still, whether youre on a desktop of smartphone, you can go ahead download your data by inputting your account information here. Keep in mind it takes some time for Instagram to amass all your data; the company says the process may take up to 48 hours. After thats complete, youll receive a link at the provided email address.
26
President Donald Trump returned to Washington, DC on Monday for a very important event. It was not for a meeting with an international leader. And it was not for a joint session of Congress. No, on this day, Trump greeted thousands of children. They had come to the White House for the annual Easter Egg Roll. The event has been a U.S. tradition for more than a century. In the late 1800s, local children gathered on the hill beside the presidents house to play a game with their colored eggs following the Easter holiday. The White House Easter Egg Roll was of special interest this year. The Trump administration was very late to organize it. Some people who hoped to attend the event were even worried that it would be canceled. Political observers said the Easter Egg Roll would show how well Trumps administration could plan and operate a complex public relations event. Talk about the event also brought attention to the first lady, whose office usually plans the White House Easter Egg Roll. First Lady Melania Trump has not yet moved to Washington, DC. She says she will remain in New York City until her son finishes the school year. So, how did the White House Easter Egg Roll go this year? Just fine, early reports say. About 21,000 children and their families received tickets to this years event. They came in small groups to the lawn near the presidents house. They played soccer, tossed bean bags and, of course, pushed hard-boiled eggs down the hill. The event was smaller than in previous years. Last year, for example, about 36,000 people attended. This years Easter Egg Roll also did not include performances by top celebrities or professional athletes. Instead, children were invited to draw pictures for U.S. soldiers. The Easter Bunny made an appearance, though, as did both Trump and the first lady. They were there with their 11-year-old son, Barron. The president welcomed his young guests and promised them that the nation was getting stronger, bigger, and better. Kelly Jean Kelly wrote this story for Learning English. Ashley Thompson was the editor.
27
So you might ask yourself, What is going on? How can things be so bad that educators feel the need to petition? Superintendent Michael Hansons administration issued a mandate to all school principals, vice principals and counselors to lower the number of suspensions and expulsions districtwide using a repackaged, rhetoric-filled behavioral modification program called Restorative Justice. This Restorative Justice concept is not new. These interventions usually fail under the weight of their overexaggerated promises. This leads to an odd belief that if you decrease the number of official suspensions on paper, you can claim success regarding improved behavior. Fresno Unified board member Christopher De La Cerda, McLanes representative, highlighted this delusion when he stated, The data confirms that restorative practices at McLane are working as we intended it to work. Sort of like bragging that no one drowned in the pool after the water was removed. If the intention was for more than 80 percent of the teaching staff to be so fed up they needed to file a petition  congratulations! Mission accomplished. The saddest part of this debacle is that it has ironically resulted in increased insecurity and systemic violence for our teachers and students who truly want to be educated. But here is the most disappointing fact: This situation did not need to happen; it was self-inflicted. Three years ago, there was a wonderful, accredited, academic program in Fresno Unified that took in up to 1,600 secondary students a year, who either could not  or should not  attend a traditional high school. This program was a last-chance beacon of hope for thousands of students who, by their own fault or the fault of others, would have had no real chance of graduating from high school. It was called the J.E.Young Academic Center (JEY). It provided an educational sanctuary for the very students FUSD is trying to corral with this Restorative Justice debacle. Every student was treated  educationally and emotionally  as a unique individual. JEY accepted the entire spectrum of students; from those whose special needs could not be adequately met, to those whose behaviors could not be adequately accommodated on a traditional high school campus. This program was an oasis for students on the precipice of failure. It was a wonderful independent study program that served the needs of those most in need. Everybody won. But that didnt matter. For spurious and ego-driven reasons, this program was dismantled and diminished to a mere shell of its former self. It was replaced by a program that failed after two years. Like prisons, it involves removing those in society with unacceptable behaviors and placing them into a concentrated environment of only themselves. If shooting oneself in the foot was considered a good thing, then FUSD could qualify as a world-class marksman regarding this issue. If FUSD really wanted to practice restorative justice, it would bring JEY back to its previous stature. Maybe Larry Powell could help. William (Bill) Larkin monitors online credit-recovery classes in the Apex program. He taught in the JEY program for eight years. Connect with him at William.Larkin@fresnounified.org.
28
ST. JOHNS COUNTY, Fla. - Commissioners in St. Johns County voted unanimously to postpone any legislative action against a localized ban of a substance that the DEA has classified as a "drug of concern." According to a report by the St. Augustine Record, 19 speakers during a Tuesday night commission meeting defended their right to use kratom, speaking about the health benefits they'd recieved while battling fibromyalgia and anxiety. Commissioners agreed to table any action until at least May, after the Legislative session. ORIGINAL STORY: Could drug with opioid-like properties be banned in St. Johns County? The FDA has warned people against using kratom, saying it has properties similar to those of opioids. It's legal in the U.S. aside from Alabama, Arkansas, Indiana, Tennessee, Vermont, Wisconsin and the District of Columbia. There are no restrictions on kratom in Florida, expect in Sarasota County, where it's banned.
29
Come test your luck on the best slot machine app in the app store. Great graphics make this app so fun to play. Test your luck with Pharaoh Slots! Bet, Spin and Get Lucky!
30
This was Reinsdorf's reply on Friday when asked whether the preseason announcement that Phil Jackson will not return as coach of the Bulls next season is, as the French saying goes, a fact accomplished. And the notation on the desk of Reinsdorf, the owner of the Chicago Bulls, also indicates his position regarding Michael Jordan's often-stated contention that he will play for no other coach than Jackson, and he will play for no other team than the Bulls, which would mean no Jordan filling up the nets next season. The Bulls make their final regular-season appearance at Madison Square Garden this afternoon against the Knicks, and it seems inconceivable that Jordan will not return for yet another year, and that neither Jackson nor Scottie Pippen will be with the Bulls, either. Jordan, still the world's greatest hoopster, is leading the National Basketball Association in scoring for the 10th time in his 14 seasons. Even at age 35, he is playing as good an all-round game as ever. Fans, players and team executives know this, so it can hardly be lost on Jordan himself. It is also obvious that His Airness -- a little less airy these days and a little more earthy but ever sovereign -- is having a grand time at his occupation, and satisfying that remarkable lust for competition and success that has made him an indomitable basketball player. Jordan has changed his mind before, remember. He quit basketball to play baseball and quit baseball to play basketball. But hadn't decisions already been made? As recently as early February, Jerry Krause, the Bulls' general manager, reiterated that Jackson would not return next season, after having led the Bulls to five championships and, if the best-laid plans of Krause and his men do not go awry, to a sixth come June. The personality, or perhaps ego, clash between Jackson and Krause is no secret. While he hired Jackson, Krause also believes that after a certain time, a general manager and a coach may tire of each other, as, has been said, Jerry West and Pat Riley did with the Lakers, thereby compelling a change. In fact, personality clashes between Krause and some of his players, including Pippen and Jordan, and assistant coaches over the years have been no secret. It seems, however, that Krause has had no such conflict with the owner of the team. But it also seems clear that Reinsdorf has sought for Krause and staff to zipper their lips in regard to what may transpire at season's end. Still, Reinsdorf's respect for Krause as a basketball operative is lofty, and for good reason. Krause became general manager in 1985, the year after Jordan was drafted. Six seasons later, the Bulls won the first of their championships. ''Everyone on the first championship team except Jordan was acquired by Krause,'' Reinsdorf said. That included Pippen, astutely attained in a trade for his draft rights and now seemingly headed elsewhere next season as a free agent, although who knows for sure. Pippen, who will be 33 in September, doesn't talk to Krause, but he does talk to Reinsdorf. And while Pippen is said to be seeking a huge five-year contract, Reinsdorf said he had yet to hear anything like that from Pippen, who has been bitter about what the Bulls have been paying him but has also been making plenty of money with endorsements. Krause took a chance on Dennis Rodman. He found a place for Steve Kerr. He traded a nonentity, Stacey King, for center Luc Longley. He traveled for years to Europe to court Toni Kukoc, and finally snared him. He saw the possibilities in Ron Harper's career being revived. Yes, Krause has had Jordan all this time, but Jordan found that he couldn't do it alone. He didn't win his first championship until his seventh season in the league -- with a requisite ''supporting cast,'' as Jordan termed it. Krause has surely made mistakes, too, such as some draft picks. Krause, meanwhile, sometimes says things without a veneer of suavity. He can rankle in his bluntness, or, sometimes, in his evasiveness. And possibly he is frustrated in not receiving much of the due he believes he deserves. When he received his championship ring for last season along with the rest of the team at the season opener at the United Center, the boos for him were evident. It was odd, since if he had been the general manager of five championships in, say, New York, he could be Mayor of this town -- and on a write-in ballot. So at what point do you make a decision to break up the team? Looking at their history, it is manifest that as a twosome neither Krause nor Reinsdorf is so stupid or driven by ego that he will perpetrate the sublimely imbecilic. The view here is that Jordan will definitely be playing next season with the Bulls, with or without Jackson. But the odds of Jackson returning appear healthy, as well, especially if the Bulls win another title. If there is one exception to ''Nothing is written in stone,'' it is this: It's a bottom-line game.
31
(HOST) As the season for summer blockbuster movies about super heroes and rings of power approaches, commentator Willem Lange is feeling nostalgic for other mighty champions of yesteryear. early western United States. Nowhere in the pages of history can one find a greater champion of justice. Return with us now to those thrilling days of yesteryear. From out of the past come the thundering hoof beats of the great horse Silver! The Lone Ranger rides again!" How many times I must have heard those lines, and how impressive they must have been, to be remembered 70 years later? means stupid in Spanish? What did kemo sabe mean?  boss, or pal, or champion of justice, or paleface idiot? When I was little, there was no radio in our house; our parents were deaf. Our grandparents had a big table-model Philco in their parlor. Just as kids nowadays tease for an iPhone, I kept asking for a radio until I got it. A tiny, dark-brown Bakelite-cased Arvin, it sat on the sideboard in our dining room. Every weekday, from 4:45 till 6:00 in the afternoon, I pulled my long-legged chair up to the sideboard, turned on the radio, and gazed at the dial. Many of you must remember "watching the radio" and memorizing the numbers of the AM dial, from 520 to 1610 kilohertz. I could tell from the glances I got from my parents as I sat there  sitting still for longer than at any other time in my life  that they suspected I was listening to something inappropriate and possibly sinful. At 4:45 a voice crackled over a simulated radio transmission: "CX4 to control tower. CX4 to control tower. Standing by" The answer was immediate: "Control tower to CX4. Wind southeast, ceiling 1200. All clear." "This is Hop Harrigan, coming in!" So it went: five 15-minute episodes, featuring Jack Armstrong, Captain Midnight; Terry and the Pirates, and finally Tom Mix. Evenings, there were half-hour shows  The Green Hornet; The Shadow, in real life Lamont Cranston, "wealthy young man-about-town" who once in the Orient had learned to "cloud mens minds so they cannot see him." Everything we imagined was the product of our separate minds eyes. When the Lone Ranger walked across the board platform of a railroad station, each of us constructed a different scene. It was like the famous "driveway moments" on Public Radio; you could do nothing else demanding thought while you were into an on-air drama. Listening to archived recordings now reveals it to have been pretty simplistic drivel. Still, wasnt it glorious! (TAG) You can find more commentaries by Willem Lange at VPR-dot-net.
32
This is the news youre looking for. Carrie Fisher has seemingly confirmed to Palm Beach Illustrated magazine that she will be returning to that Galaxy Far, Far Away for J.J. Abrams Star Wars: Episode VII. Taken with Mark Hamills recent comments to Entertainment Tonight that Lucasfilm wants him, Fisher, and Ford back for a new trilogy of movies, this news makes it seem more and more likely that we might be able to see a Wishful Drinking Leia yet. So take this news with a grain of (bagel bun) salt. Fisher made headlines recently because of her ongoing struggle with bipolar disorder, so there is still a very great possibility she will not be back for Episode VII. But we can dream.
33
numerous aunts, uncles and cousins. She attended Shanksville Stonycreek High School and was a member of St. Paul's Lutheran Church, Buckstown. Family will receive friends from 2 to 4 p.m. and 6 p.m. until time of service at 8 p.m. Sunday at the Deaner Funeral Home, Stoystown. Rev. Robert Way officiating. Interment Lambertsville Cemetery. Contributions may be given to assist the family c/o Kay Grasser 158 Juniata St., Berlin, PA 15530, or to St. Paul's Lutheran Church, 6872 Lincoln Hwy., Stoystown, PA 15563. DeanerFuneralsAndCremations.com.
34
In the market for a low-cost networked storage solution? You may want to take a look at the Netgear ReadyNAS 104. Typically, home users have been subjected to very few, true performance NAS products. If you wanted true performance, you had to reach a little deeper into your pocket, and pull out a bit more of that hard earned money. With Netgear being an industry leader in network storage solutions, it seems only fitting that they would offer top to bottom storage solutions for every sector of the market. Today, on this crisp winter morning, we will be looking over the Netgear ReadyNAS 104. The RN104 is a four bay NAS appliance that caters to the needs of consumers that want personal cloud storage. It offers standard features like a home media and file server, coupled together with low entry cost. The RN104 is built upon the Marvell ARMADA 370 platform, clocked at 1.2 GHz, with 512MB of memory to accompany it. Across the front of the unit, we have four 3.5" drive trays that support tool-less installation. Total storage capacity is listed at 16TB, with dual gigabit LAN ports at the rear of the unit. For quick management of the NAS, we have a two line LCD screen on the front of the unit, with dual USB 3.0 ports, and eSATA for additional storage options. Power consumption is listed at 45 watts for operation, and 1.4 watts with WOL enabled. Pricing of the four bay Netgear ReadyNAS 104 is listed at $319.99, without drives. The unit carries a three-year warranty from Netgear.
35
No, Trump cant pardon himself. The Constitution tells us so. Correction: An earlier version of this op-ed misspelled the name of former defense secretary Caspar Weinberger. This version has been updated. Laurence H. Tribe is the Carl M. Loeb University Professor and Professor of Constitutional Law at Harvard Law School. Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota, was chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007 and is vice-chair of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW). Norman Eisen, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, was chief White House ethics lawyer for President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2011 and is chair of CREW. Can a president pardon himself? Four days before Richard Nixon resigned, his own Justice Departments Office of Legal Counsel opined no, citing the fundamental rule that no one may be a judge in his own case. We agree. The Justice Department was right that guidance could be found in the enduring principles that no one can be both the judge and the defendant in the same matter, and that no one is above the law. The Constitution specifically bars the president from using the pardon power to prevent his own impeachment and removal. It adds that any official removed through impeachment remains fully subject to criminal prosecution. That provision would make no sense if the president could pardon himself. The pardon provision of the Constitution is there to enable the president to act essentially in the role of a judge of another persons criminal case, and to intervene on behalf of the defendant when the president determines that would be equitable. For example, the president might believe the courts made the wrong decision about someones guilt or about sentencing; President Barack Obama felt this way about excessive sentences for low-level drug offenses. Or the president might be impressed by the defendants subsequent conduct and, using powers far exceeding those of a parole board, might issue a pardon or commutation of sentence. Other equitable considerations could also weigh in favor of leniency. A president might choose to grant a pardon before prosecution of a person when the president believes that the prosecution is not in the national interest; President Gerald Ford pardoned Nixon in part for this reason. Or a president may conclude that even if a person may have committed a crime, he was acting in good faith to protect the national interest; President George H.W. Bush pardoned former defense secretary Caspar Weinberger in the Iran-contra affair in part for this reason. In all such instances, however, the president is acting as a kind of super-judge and making a decision about someone elses conduct, the justice of someone elses sentence or whether it is in the national interest to prosecute someone else. He is not making a decision about himself. The Constitution embodies this broad precept against self-dealing in its rule that congressional pay increases cannot take effect during the Congress that enacted them, in its prohibition against using official power to gain favors from foreign states and even in its provision that the chief justice, not the vice president, is to preside when the Senate conducts an impeachment trial of the president. The Constitutions pardon clause has its origins in the royal pardon granted by a sovereign to one of his or her subjects. We are aware of no precedent for a sovereign pardoning himself, then abdicating or being deposed but being immune from criminal process. If that were the rule, many a deposed king would have been spared instead of going to the chopping block. We know of not a single instance of a self-pardon having been recognized as legitimate. Even the pope does not pardon himself. On March 28, 2014, in St. Peters Basilica, Pope Francis publicly kneeled before a priest and confessed his sins for about three minutes. President Trump thinks he can do a lot of things just because he is president. He says that the president can act as if he has no conflicts of interest. He says that he can fire the FBI director for any reason he wants (and he admitted to the most outrageous of reasons in interviews and in discussion with the Russian ambassador). In one sense, Trump is right  he can do all of these things, although there will be legal repercussions if he does. Using official powers for corrupt purposes  such as impeding or obstructing an investigation  can constitute a crime. But there is one thing we know that Trump cannot do  without being a first in all of human history. He cannot pardon himself. Elizabeth Holtzman: In the Russia probe, could Trump pardon himself? Dana Milbank: Trump can do whatever he wants. God help us.
36
MANILA, Philippines  The state-run Land Bank of the Philippines (Landbank) has extended by one more month or until Jan. 31 next year its revised offer to buy out existing Philippine Dealing System Holdings Corp. (PDS) shareholders and gain control of the bond exchange. In a text message Friday, Landbank president Alex V. Buenaventura said the offer period was moved from the earlier deadline of end-December 2018 as there was no response so far from PDS shareholders. Last October, Landbank issued a new offer to buy shares at P215 per share, lower than P360 a share previously. The downgraded offer took into account the P600 million in dividends that PDS issued to shareholders in June, even as the share price remained a multiplier of 1.5 times adjusted net asset value or the same as the previous offer. The dividend payouts reduced PDSs asset value, Buenaventura had noted. Buenaventura earlier expressed optimism that a majority or at least 66.67 percent of shareholders would give their acceptance letters to Landbank before yearend to seal the deal and sign share purchase agreements with them. During the previous offer, 43 percent of shareholders already submitted acceptance letters, such that they expect the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE), banks and investment houses to accept the new offer as well, Buenaventura had said. Buenaventuras plan to acquire a majority stake in PDS runs counter to the planned merger of the latter with the PSE. But Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III, who chairs Landbank, had lamented that the PSE was not being compliant with the conditions set for its merger with PDS.
37
Jerry Springer says he is still deciding whether he will run for Ohio governor in 2018. Speculation around Springers potential gubernatorial bid has been growing for several months. The Enquirer also reported Wednesday that Springer is soliciting feedback from Ohio State Sen. Sandra Williams, Democratic Reps. Janine Boyd and Stephanie Howse, and political consultants. Glad to be in attendance @ reps Stephanie Howse and Janine Boyd fundraiser w/Jerry Springer, possible candidate for Gov. of Ohio, Williams tweeted Tuesday. Hes very serious, Williams said of Springers interest in running, in an interview with Cleveland.com. The fundraiser was held at Nighttown, a Cleveland Heights jazz club and restaurant. Ring said Springer gave a brief speech at the fundraiser. Springer, 73, previously considered running for US Senate in 2000 and 2004, but decided against it. He has previously attributed the rumors around his potential bid for governor to former reality TV star Donald Trumps successful White House bid. But people continued to discuss Springers potential return to politics. In late May, Business Insider, citing more than half a dozen Democrats familiar with the race, reported influential Ohio Democrats  including former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland and Hamilton County Democratic Party Chairman Tim Burke  pushed for Springer to run. In an interview with CNNs Brooke Baldwin in May of 2016, Springer  who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton in 2016  was seemingly unsurprised by Trumps popularity. He said that since President Ronald Reagan, a generation of Americans has grown up believing government is the problem in America. The celebrity in politics was inevitable, Springer said. Since Trumps win, a growing number of celebrities have expressed interest in running for office, or have not ruled out pursuing politics in the future. I think its a real possibility, Johnson told the publication when asked if he would ever run. In July, a West Virginia resident created a campaign committee called Run The Rock 2020 to draft Johnson as a presidential candidate in 2020. Musician Kid Rock teased a potential bid for US Senate, but ultimately used the social media hype around the buzz to announce his non-profit designed to promote voter registration.
38
Its a continuation of a trend they have seen over the last several years. Its been almost three years of nothing but above normal temperatures for the most part, Zierden told the Bradenton Herald in a phone inteview Monday. He noted that the last 21 consecutive months have all been warmer than what is considered normal. Tampa is one of the weather stations showing a record warm ranking, according to a second tweet from Zierden. According to the Florida Climate Center, the average temperature in Tampa during November was 72.1 degrees, three degrees warmer than normal. Most of the state exhibited a similar, warmer-than-normal trend. All of that is consistent with what other parts of the world have seen and what we expect with climate change, and so I would certainly think climate change has its fingerprints on the recent trend of above-normal temperatures, Zierden said. In Manatee County, there were nine record-setting high temperatures through November, according to NCEI daily weather records. Six days through November tied for record- high temperatures. However, Zierden cautioned, just because the average temperatures have been warmer doesnt mean Florida wont see cold snaps this winter. Across the country, its been an above-average year for temperatures, the report from the National Centers for Environmental Information shows. The year-to-date U.S. average temperature, 56.4 degrees, was the third warmest on record. Thats 2.61 degrees above the 20th century average, according to the NCEI. The warmest year on record for the U.S. was 2012, when the average temperature through November was 57.04 degrees, NCEI archives show. Spectrum Bay News 9 Meteorologist Josh Linker said average temperatures will likely remain above average at least through Christmas, but just by a couple of degrees each day. Temperatures, however, return to average for the last few days of the year. Linker said December is currently averaging less than 1 degree above normal, due in part to a recent week of cooler weather.
39
This mildly racy spot introduces us to the character of the brown M&M, who only looks like shes not wearing her shell. And it does so by showing us more than we ever cared to see of one of her bagmates. That is not something I want to be thinking about when Im eating M&Ms, my 10-year-old son says. Hes got a point, but be thankful: if someone bared his peanut, wed have an FCC issue right now.
40
Originally Published: September 24, 2018 8 p.m. Soledad OBrien, 10 to 11:30 a.m., Yavapai College Performing Arts Center, 1100 E Sheldon St, Prescott. Hear her take on the roles we play in our communities to create meaningful change. Can you tell a book by its cover? 6 p.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin Street, Founders Suite (1st floor). The Professional Writers of Prescott (PWP) will host Mariah Sinclair, an award-winning book cover designer. ESL, 6 to 7:30 p.m., Prescott Valley Public Library, Genealogy Room, 7401 E. Civic Circle. The Rockin Ukes, 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., Prescott Valley Public Library-Crystal Room, 7401 E. Civic Circle Dr. The Rockin Ukes is a ukulele-centric band that plays an eclectic mix of classic rock, folk, country and whatever they feel like playing. Seating is limited so come early to get a seat. 928-759-3040. Join Scouting Night, 6:30 to 8 p.m., St. Lukes Episcopal Church, 2000 Shepherds Lane, Prescott. Hosted by Boy Scout Troop and Pack 10. Girl Scout Troop 79 is also open for girls who want to join. 928-772-1312 or email at pack43@cox.net. Sedona International Film Festival Presents Quiz Show, Mary D. Fisher Theater, 2030 W. Highway 89A. Tickets are $4.25 and can be purchased by calling 928-282-1177 or online at www.sedonafilmfestival.org. 928-282-1177.
41
Located near all that the Catskills has to offer! Close to Hunter Mountain, Wyndham, state land, antiquing and many other recreational opportunities in the area. Also very close to the Hudson River. Come see this charming home with a rocking chair front porch. Great for a hunting or skiing base camp or full time residential living. Additional adjoining land available for sale separately. This listing now includes a large pole barn and sheds. Lot line adjustment has increased the property size to 4.91 acres. Come see it today!
42
Attendees visit the Vodafone Group pavilion at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, March 4, 2015. Vodafone, one of the world's biggest telecoms companies, announced better-than-expected sales Friday as its 4G plans grow. The U.K.-based company reported an acceleration in its main quarterly sales growth on Friday as a cable TV acquisition in its biggest market, Germany, where it faces strong competition from Deutsche Telecom, lifted sales and consolidated the overall return to growth for the British firm. It also returned to growth in the U.K. However, there was no mention in its statement of the one thing many investors want to hear about - a potential deal in Western Europe with John Malone's Liberty Global. The U.K., Germany and Netherlands were the markets identified by Malone as most fertile ground for a tie-up in May, but little has been heard on the deal in recent weeks. The world's second-largest mobile operator said first-quarter organic service revenue grew 0.8 percent, ahead of the 0.1 percent it recorded in the fourth quarter and better than most analysts had expected. Vittorio Colao, chief executive of the company, said in a statement: "Our emerging markets have maintained their strong momentum and more of our European businesses are returning to growth, as customer demand for 4G and data takes off," said. The group reiterated its outlook for the full year.
43
NORTH BRUNSWICK, N.J.  Body cameras captured the moment a North Brunswick police officer climbed up a burning building to rescue a family. The fire started Saturday around 10:20 P.M. at the Governor's Pointe Condominiums. When Officer Grasso arrived, two grandparents and their grandchildren were trapped on the balcony of their apartment. Grasso climbed up to the family and handed the family members down to other officers who were on the ground below. In all, 28 people were left homeless after the fire destroyed 12 apartments. No one was injured.
44
The Congress of South African Trade Unions has noted the latest cabinet reshuffle by President Jacob Zuma. We can confirm that the federation did receive a courtesy call from President Jacob Zuma regarding his decision to reshuffle his cabinet this morning. While, we acknowledge that the president of the republic has a prerogative to reshuffle his National Executive as per the Constitution of the republic, we find the frequency of these cabinet reshuffles unsettling because they do not help to create the much needed stability at a government level. What compounds the situation is that some of these government departments are also witnessing an exodus of senior technocrats. All of this is happening while workers and the poor are continuing to be victims of a system that has condemned millions of our fellow citizens to lives of brute survival. Our economy is currently haemorrhaging jobs at an alarming rate and it does not help that we are also experiencing this kind of political uncertainty and policy incoherence from government. COSATU expects cabinet reshuffles to be about strengthening the capacity of government in order to help government to better implement its developmental agenda and deliver on its promises. We are not convinced that this reshuffle is informed by that ,considering that some of the most ineffectual ministers like Minister Bathabile Dlamini, Minister Nomvula Mokonyane, and Minister Mosebenzi Zwane are still part of the National Executive. These recent cabinet reshuffles have done very little to help take the National Democratic Revolution forward. We call on the African National Congress to reflect deeply about the state of the economy and the overall performance of its government. The majority of workers are facing a bleak future and the people South Africa need a clear sign that the government has a plan to rescue them from poverty and kick-start this economy. As COSATU , we will continue to work with and support the newly elected ministers and deputy ministers with the hope that they will prioritise a people driven and people centred development. We wish them well in their new positions.
45
The NHS is still running Windows XP en masse, two and a half years after Microsoft stopped delivering bug fixes and security updates. Nearly all of England NHS trusts  90 per cent  continue to rely on PCs installed with Microsofts 15-year-old desktop operating system. Just over half are still unsure as to when they will move to a replacement operating system. Fourteen per cent reckoned theyd move to a new operating system by the end of this year, and 29 per cent reckoned the move would happen some time in 2017. Windows XP is not receiving any security updates from Microsoft, meaning health service PCs are wide open to hackers and malware. The data on the NHS' use of Windows XP comes courtesy of a Freedom of Information request from Citrix, which approached 63 NHS trusts and received responses from 42. An FoI request from Citrix made in July 2014, three months after Microsofts deadline to move off Windows XP, had found 100 per cent of NHS trusts were dependent on the operating system. The Reg first reported in early 2014 how vast sections of the UK public sector was set to miss Microsofts April 2014 kill date for XP. The government had agreed a temporary framework support agreement with Microsoft which guaranteed delivery of special security patches for a year. That agreement ended on April 14 2015 after it was decided not to go for a second year.
46
After much anticipation, Melania Trump has finally given the world a glimpse of her platform. Like those before her, Trump is keen to make a difference in her own unique way. Speaking in the Rose Garden, she officially launched "Be Best," which tackles three key pillars: well-being, social media and opioid abuse. But what does it take to be effective as first lady, especially amid an ever moving spectrum of expectations, responsibility and public opinion? The first lady's communications director, Stephanie Grisham, recently stated that most first ladies have focused on a single issue. In fact, several presidential spouses in the last century have taken on multiple causes, and Trump can look to them for guidance. To be successful, here are three recommendations from the Bush Institute's report "A Role Without a Rulebook" that Trump should consider implementing. 1. Develop a strategic vision. As first lady, Trump is uniquely positioned to be a compassionate listener and supportive facilitator. As she develops this platform, she should clearly define actionable goals that engage citizens at local and national levels. She can look to her peer, Laura Bush, who launched "Ready to Read, Ready to Learn" with two clear objectives in mind: to ensure young children are prepared when they enter their first classroom, and once there have well-trained, qualified teachers. She also addressed how these goals would be achieved. By outlining a clear mission alongside defined actions, Bush was able to make progress on these goals during her time as first lady. 2. Engage with citizens and peers. In a polarized political climate, Trump must embrace the opportunity to transcend boundaries. Unelected but official, she is able to build bridges between government and civil society. For example, one of our most prominent first ladies, Eleanor Roosevelt, championed causes including racial equality, labor rights and women's rights, and she was the first presidential spouse to testify before a congressional committee. Central to her efforts: community and stakeholder outreach. Engagement with predecessors and peers can also aid Trump's efforts. For example, longstanding advocates for mental health and those battling addictive diseases, Rosalynn Carter and Betty Ford joined forces to advance policy and increase support for services. Reflecting on their collaboration, Carter said: "(Betty and I) could be a stronger force if we worked as partners, and we did for many years." Trump has the opportunity to use the power of partnership. As political influences, first ladies can reach across industries and ideologies to unite diverse viewpoints and mobilize action. For example, Michelle Obama and Jill Biden launched "Joining Forces," working with the public and private sectors to improve outcomes for service members, veterans and their families by providing the tools needed to succeed throughout their lives. While the role of first lady is one without a rulebook, these are proven actions that can aid Trump's efforts on a variety of platforms. When used effectively, a first lady's podium serves as a force for change. Natalie Gonnella-Platts is the deputy director of the Women's Initiative at the George W. Bush Institute and co-author of "A Role Without a Rulebook: The Influence and Leadership of Global First Ladies." She wrote this for InsideSources.com.
47
OKLAHOMA CITY - Kevin Durant scored 25 points, James Harden added a spark with 23 points off the bench while returning from an injury and the Oklahoma City Thunder ended a string of futility against the Houston Rockets with a 122-104 victory. The Thunder got out to a sizzling start and opened a 23-point lead within the first 14 minutes. Their lead was never in jeopardy against a Houston team desperately needing a late charge to make the playoffs. Instead, Oklahoma City used its second-best shooting performance of the season to take a big step toward solidifying its spot in the postseason. Luis Scola scored 25 and Trevor Ariza added 20 points for Houston, which fell seven games behind Oklahoma City and 51/2 behind eighth-place Portland in the Western Conference. BOSTON - Paul Pierce scored 27 points, Kevin Garnett had 20 and the Boston Celtics clinched a playoff berth with a win over the Denver Nuggets. The Celtics dominated inside and the Nuggets, one day after losing to the Knicks in New York, slipped a half-game behind the Dallas Mavericks and into a third-place tie with Utah in the Western Conference with their third consecutive loss. Boston led by 21 points twice in the third quarter before Denver cut the lead to 87-80 going into the fourth. But the Celtics stayed ahead by seven to 16 the rest of the way for their fifth win in six games. Rajon Rondo had a triple-double with 11 points, 15 assists and 11 rebounds. Carmelo Anthony led Denver with 32 points and J.R. Smith added 21. TORONTO - Deron Williams had 18 points, 16 assists and eight rebounds, leading the Utah Jazz to victory over the Toronto Raptors. Carlos Boozer added 18 points and 11 rebounds, while Mehmet Okur and rookie Wesley Matthews had 16 points apiece for the Jazz, who won their third straight. Seven Jazz players finished with at least 12 points. Chris Bosh celebrated his 26th birthday with a 20-point performance for the Raptors (35-35), who fell 11/2 games behind Charlotte and Miami in the race for sixth place in the Eastern Conference. Antoine Wright had 10 of his 15 points in the second quarter for the Raptors, while Andrea Bargnani added 12 and Jose Calderon 10. ATLANTA - Josh Smith swooped in to slam through Joe Johnson's missed shot just ahead of the buzzer and the Atlanta Hawks finally beat the Orlando Magic, clinching a third straight trip to the playoffs. The Hawks bounced back from an early 15-2 deficit and overcame going 8:45 in the fourth quarter without a field goal against a division rival that had routed them three times this season. For Atlanta, it came down to the final shot of regulation for the fifth straight game. INDIANAPOLIS - Danny Granger scored 31 points to help the Indiana Pacers beat the Washington Wizards and extend Washington's losing streak to a franchise record-tying 13 games. Andray Blatche started for the Wizards a night after he was benched for most of the game following a spat with coach Flip Saunders. The Wizards last lost 13 straight in 1995. They can set a record for futility Friday at Charlotte. It was Granger's third straight game with at least 30 points. Josh McRoberts had 14 points and a career-high 12 rebounds for the Pacers, who have won four in a row overall and six straight at home. CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Stephen Jackson shook off a sore hand and busted out of his shooting slump with 37 points, leading the Charlotte Bobcats past Minnesota to send the reeling Timberwolves to their 14th straight loss. Jackson, who a night earlier revealed he had been plagued by a bruised ligament near his left index finger, hit 15-of-24 shots after shooting 37 percent in the previous 10 games. Gerald Wallace added 23 points as the Bobcats shot 54 percent from the field and moved into sixth place in the Eastern Conference with their sixth straight home win. Al Jefferson scored 21 points for the Timberwolves, who came apart in a 20-0 Charlotte run in the second quarter to drop to 5-32 on the road. EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. - Brook Lopez had 26 points and 13 rebounds, and New Jersey Nets moved a step closer to avoiding a dubious date with NBA history by beating the Sacramento Kings to snap an eight-game losing streak and a franchise-record, 14-game skid at home. Devin Harris added 24 points and nine assists for the Nets (8-63), who need to win once in their last 11 games to avoid breaking the league mark for fewest wins in a season (9-73), set by the Philadelphia 76ers in 1972-73. Nets interim coach Kiki Vandeweghe guided the team despite learning of the death of his mother, former Miss America Colleen Kay Hutchins, earlier in the day. Beno Udrih had 19 points for the Kings, who lost the eighth time in 11 games. MILWAUKEE - Rookie Jrue Holiday had 15 points and seven assists, leading the Philadelphia 76ers to a victory over the Bucks that snapped Milwaukee's longest home winning streak in six years at eight games. It was a dismal display for Milwaukee, which had won 15 of the last 17 to virtually assure a postseason berth for the first time since 2006. Instead, Samuel Dalembert had 12 points and 10 rebounds, Willie Green scored 16 points and Andre Iguodala 14 as the Sixers poured it on for their third win in the last 16 games. Jerry Stackhouse scored 15 points and rookie Brandon Jennings added 12 for Milwaukee, but the Bucks shot 5 of 28 from 3-point range and led only once in the game, 3-0. NEW ORLEANS - LeBron James scored an efficient 38 points on 15 of 22 shooting to go with nine assists, and the Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight game, over the New Orleans Hornets. J.J. Hickson scored 20 for the Cavs, who led by as many as 17 and never trailed after James' floater tied it at 10 in the first quarter. Delonte West added 15 points and Antawn Jamison had 11 points and 11 rebounds as Cleveland won its 27th straight over a team with a losing record. Marcus Thornton scored 20 points and Darren Collison added 17 for the Hornets, who will be eliminated from the playoffs if Portland wins today. David West added 16 points.
48
We build our students up only to encourage them to flee. Why? Combining advertising campaigns handled by pros along with play on the editorial side of reputable media outlets gets a business noticed by potential customers who wont be concerned about the veracity of claims. A sad week in the world of journalism.
49
1 Then the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father's stead in Jerusalem. 2 Joahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. 3 And the king of Egypt deposed him at Jerusalem, and fined the land a hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold. 4 And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and changed his name to Jehoiakim. And Neco took Joahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt. 5 Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of Jehovah his God. 6 Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon. 7 Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of Jehovah to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon. 8 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead. 9 Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of Jehovah. 10 And at the return of the year king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of Jehovah, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem. 12 and he did that which was evil in the sight of Jehovah his God; he humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet [speaking] from the mouth of Jehovah. 13 And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart against turning unto Jehovah, the God of Israel. 14 Moreover all the chiefs of the priests, and the people, trespassed very greatly after all the abominations of the nations; and they polluted the house of Jehovah which he had hallowed in Jerusalem. 16 but they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and scoffed at his prophets, until the wrath of Jehovah arose against his people, till there was no remedy. 17 Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldeans, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young man or virgin, old man or hoary-headed: he gave them all into his hand. 18 And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of Jehovah, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes, all these he brought to Babylon. 19 And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof. 21 to fulfil the word of Jehovah by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths: [for] as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years. 23 Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath Jehovah, the God of heaven, given me; and he hath charged me to build him a house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah. Whosoever there is among you of all his people, Jehovah his God be with him, and let him go up.
50
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana Kocherlakota will step down when his current term ends in February 2016. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis president said the U.S. central bank risked damaging its credibility. The MInneapolis Fed reports the pace of consolitation is unchanged since reforms were put in place; critics say otherwise. Minnesota farmers and the states economy could be impacted by a decline in formerly booming farmland prices. Minnesota business service firms are slightly more optimistic about the next 12 months than they were last year, according to a report released Monday. The metros net loan growth was 1.34 percent over the past year.
